[Music]
we bring a song about the kids in that we are doing
well at night last night we had a good time
but were they or not
one thing that happens Enrique a Javi well
Javi is always above key
but with the hub and lived the kids that
was [ __ ] crazy it was water kid it
was the best in the world but
lately it's not that I'm not
really interested it's clear it's that let's see I do it
because we don't have to lose any niche no
I keep doing it I'm not going to abandon
what brought me here but yes
the truth is the topics right now are not
the strong ones I like the topics of
when the truth is the fight over the girlfriend and
Andrés Burguera appears less chance
of I don't know who and Win Bischoff a
hypocrite because he comes like that I don't know what for
example still the topic left also
the red was good more or less good
to comment for example that
people are getting into put because he is
making a series of the 10 million
then yes I don't know who they exploit him
create a little house for me the other I don't understand let's
see having a lot of visits with
this  topic
and it's not going badly for you but it doesn't seem
right to me I was going to tell you I say sometimes you
beat me to it to inform myself a little
but it's already devastating in the brain we
have these and if you are in a
movement of your drink I was glad not
all the newspapers today a video 100
thousand visits and they are news videos a
little of that I am trying to do the
same the same not something similar for
a newscast that took me out and so I have
seen but
insists that it will come out
on the main channel it works a
little and the content and you already know
that one steps on the other and
tomorrow they
give you the opportunity a few months mark
in main
but I think that mixing the
content but it is what there is I will
continue making the content that I make and
if yes yes and if they do not wake up each main
man I am going to convert posters to the CEO
not one of the strong ones and the canine in the
other these are the two strong channels
I am also going to do the same both
I do live extracts of live on
television to the CEO news abi the canijo
news and when I feel like it be an
edited video like  what is today today
for seven topics of the television part of
salcedo and if it is from youtube the to know
canine edited also and leaves as a
relic javi oliveira until the last of
course I think he is a native
never again I have never liked to think about
conspiracy theories and to whistle I have only
seen one other youtube I tell myself that on youtube they are
not taken out it stops being interesting
and the videos as they are that it is not
recommended and its main
secondary video has more visits
I think that
those of the analytics
that appear to you are not punished where the
visits come from ideas and notifications
maybe they get 1,500 2,000 visits there is
a video of 90 thousand the reaction to
higuain's
60 70 thousand visits are from searches of course
expressly searching for them to search for
wine and higuain and the video appears
because what happens here happens and it has what it has
relics guys they
stay there
I remember when you
made these videos that
the severe laughter when you messed
with this turkey who made the videos
with lore doing the sketches that hits you
those videos would get you 150,000 views
on the videos
these videos of what is the name of the water
from the well in the well with 327 atmosphere which
is clear if I think the channel is
a little punished look at the majority of
youtube it was in the end they end up abandoning
their main channel because another turn and
jouan
aurum
if it takes us to a year two years or three
years it takes us to be his main life
and he is with the secondary one at full capacity to
leave it I continue insisting and it has a lot of jobs the solution phase channels dedicated only to one content and tell people of the other content I mean imagine what mistake I made telling the lady madam in this channel do not subscribe because notifications will arrive you are not going to
apply and youtube understands that you are not
interested in the channel
the idea was to drop five thousand
subscribers but then what I
liked I liked was that the
powerful videos edited there outside the
ring I had the television or the politics
or whatever because it is me
now then you read the  ceo are the
news and extracts of the blood of the
entire pipeline I wish all the
youtubers I wish and I know the same everything
that is several very
complicated contents but castillas punishes it
because so I recommend you to people that I
envy the previous one was about something else yes
and in the end there instantly it hits you no
no it goes giving you little jumps if you upload
a video to point it out now the kids
don't enter
now in the next video they come out less we are
recommended to me people now upload
another one of the end it hurt and now we are
recommending not even to the kids to
recommend to the other
many years of work
eight years
an opportunity
for
people who have had the channel
very quiet and suddenly insisting
insisting the rise I continue
working in 2010 in all the channels
at the same level a weaker time is coming
lazy girl but it seems to me that that scoundrel
but -ha but javi had one thing the south
had a very bad time with his channels and now it
has taken off
yes it was screwed in the main one the
main one but not the main one but do
you remember when the famous mmd  dead dead dead
and now
the
stone 2000
content of the thing of the south for example
the main channel
well that depends on the subject there are
times that if it rises a little but
what it is doing the channel that it has
which is like knowing the path it goes well
mother ribeiro but nevertheless it has
made another third party channel
called surf play and you recommend the
videos more that is the secondary of course it is
like the new channels you are
recommending more or
less subscribers I do not know but it is like it is
like the one that
had almost 6,000 viewers
and said people own that people here man
the image the beginning first because
creating a channel exclusively for
her and well Jamaica happens to the same brand I
have this morning close to two thousand
people with 24 thousand subscribers this
morning in
with 24 thousand subscribers
I think that I also I want to think
that if suddenly when the
Dallas trials come that are pending from
Dallas Mieres Joan Planas with my lawsuit
wing michu or the lawsuit to the other
those issues
are the issues right now the deadlines
because people do not come there without a draw
but there are  days is that whatever
happens on
the channel the main channel
approach or
suggests releasing content every day
the boyfriend
and every day there are no strong things he
understands me every day the strong things
then when strong things come and it
will be fine the problem is that I think that
now I am filling to go
filling of course I have a
strong surprise that you know because before the
live we are talking about seeing
when he says it
is already
main I think that only the
main ones come upload them upload it is that they
need in the other channel but edit it
upload in the main one but he is
not
interested at all in the pica pica but well
Enrique let's start with the first
topic of the kids man
[Music]